README.md, before:

# Playwright

Sample code for the playwright gearup, forked from a simple counter-App made using [React.js](https://reactjs.org) by @arnab-datta on GitHub

> **This tiny application mimics adding, removing, deleting, and resetting products within a shopping cart.**

This is a very basic app, but useful to understand the React Components, states, Data Flow, parent to child etc.

## Live URL 1:-

> [Counter App](https://arnab-datta.github.io/counter-app/)

## Live URL 2:-

> [Counter App](https://obscure-waters-60500.herokuapp.com)

**OR your can do the following to run in your local machine**

## Scripts

Install node modules

#### `npm install`

In the project directory, you can run:

#### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

#### `npm run playwright`

Runs playwright tests for the application

## TODOs:

#### src/index.css

1. Create a dark mode for the application using media queries

#### tests/app.test.ts

2. add a test for clicking the increment button
3. add a test for clicking the decrement button
4. add a test for multiple increments and decrements
5. add any remaining tests needed (e.g. the reset button, delete button, etc.)

Commit message:

feat: firebase storage and auth

README.md, after:

# Firebase

Sample code for the Firebase gearup, forked from a simple counter-App made using [React.js](https://reactjs.org) by @arnab-datta on GitHub

> **This tiny application mimics adding, removing, deleting, and resetting products within a shopping cart.**

This is a very basic app, but useful to understand the React Components, states, Data Flow, parent to child etc.

## Live URL 1:-

> [Counter App](https://arnab-datta.github.io/counter-app/)

## Live URL 2:-

> [Counter App](https://obscure-waters-60500.herokuapp.com)

**OR your can do the following to run in your local machine**

## Scripts

Install node modules

#### `npm install`

In the project directory, you can run:

#### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

#### `npm run playwright`

Runs playwright tests for the application

## TODOs:

#### src/index.css

1. Create a dark mode for the application using media queries

#### Firebase

6. Run npm install firebase
7. Transfer firebase values into a .env.local file at the project root

#### tests/app.test.ts

2. add a test for clicking the increment button
3. add a test for clicking the decrement button
4. add a test for multiple increments and decrements
5. add any remaining tests needed (e.g. the reset button, delete button, etc.)
